Init code (#3)
consenlabs/ethtaipei2023-aa-workshop: README.md

[PASS] testCannotExecuteUserOpByOther() (gas: 44437)
[PASS] testExecuteUserOp() (gas: 98404)
```

### 3. InitCode

> With account factory, we can deploy account along with the first user operation by setting `initCode` field. Please implement `contracts/InitCode.sol` to make `test/InitCode.t.sol` passed.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
With account factory, we can deploy account along with the first user operation by providing deployment info in `initCode` field. Please implement `contracts/InitCode.sol` to make `test/InitCode.t.sol` passed.
```
